Todo
====

1. Animation of houses
2. More sounds
3. Planer
4. Activity should stop around a flag where a fight is happening
5. Make materials visible when donkeys carry
6. In-game and in-game-creation chat
7. Finish making all react components into functional components
8. Fix statistics components. Should be general statistics to compare players, and Merchandise to see production and/or inventory
9. Divide src into sub-folders better. prepare-game, play-game?
10. Quota handling for planks
11. Add the propeller to the mill
12. Add terrain overlaps to make the nature look smoother. Start with snow.
13. Fix ugly scrollbar in type control
14. Soldiers waiting to fight should be facing the attacked building's flag
15. Border update when (enemy) barracks is upgraded to guard house. Also somehow enemy border disappears
16. Add skeleton decoration on the ground when a worker dies
17. Pinch-to-zoom should zoom in the game, not the full web page
18. Border markers should look different for water/land
19. Fix map loading so the default map looks good
20. Missed discovered land up-right from new guard house
21. Workers should walk slower up-hill and faster down-hill
22. Fix NullPointerException that happens after playing for a long time
23. Fix scroll event that "leaks through" from overlaid div to game render
24. (Japanese) buildings seem to have either wrong under-construction images or they are drawn with the wrong offset
25. With guard house, new owned land is larger than discovered land. Reload fixes it



Done
====

1. Limit sounds to objects visible on the screen (first impl., seems like objects aren't properly removed when actions are finished)
2. Fog of war
3. More music player controls - loop song, loop all, shuffle
4. Make main roads render with different road texture
5. Change WorkerIcon to use Canvas2d instead of webgl
6. Remove "visibleTrees" handling now that fog of war is implemented
1. Bug where expanding the border doesn't update the available construction properly. Flags closest to the old border remained Flags. Diagonal down-right
8. Shift rendering slightly based on height
21. Add possibility to pause an ongoing game.
6. Defending - many/few defenders. Weak/strong defenders
4. Waiting attacker shouldn't stand on a building
22. When attack with several attackers takes more than one attacker and then finally beats the home defender, no new home defender comes out and the attackers just stand around waiting
19. Stones that get smaller because of hacking should get updated in the web ui
21. Workers (incl. scouts) can't walk offroad through big stones (incl stones that can be mined)
22. Road promoted - update in the map
18. Stones that are out of sight and are removed
11. Animation when trees fall
5. Finish Military settings - weak/strong in center, closer to the edge, and at the edge
19. Update fighter's damage and health stats
19. Make goto house/point with animation configurable
19. Change pseudo 3d effect to only shift upwards, not to the right
15. FIX HOVER AND ONCLICK so that the closest point is always chosen
12. Gradually draw finished building on top of the under construction-image
22. Worker actions should be different per player color
17. Make the speed selector in the menu a controlled component
21. Fix building images for each nation (romans seem correct, japanese is not)
25. Add shadow to house icons. Consider making the shadow optional
23. Texture for planned(sign vs box) house for the japanese player looks strange
12. Add remaining gravel after a stone has been fully removed as a decoration
19. After the fat courier chews gum it remains frozen in the last frame of the animation
